README.md, before:

# Welcome to My GitHub Profile! 🎉

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6fIRMANiNd3iTeiM/giphy.gif" alt="welcometext" />
</p>

## 🚀 Viral Projects
- [decrypt](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/decrypt)
- [DECOMPILE-STORE-V1](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/DECOMPILE-STORE-V1)
- [dis3](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/dis3)
- [free-programming-books](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/free-programming-books)

## 🛠 Technical Skills
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Programming%20Languages-Python-brightgreen" alt="Python">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Web%20Technologies-HTML-blue" alt="HTML">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-SQL-red" alt="SQL">
  <!-- More badges can be added here -->
</p>

## 📈 GitHub Stats
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Flame-Codes&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

## 🎨 Animations
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/l0IylOPCNw3ZR3uxS/giphy.gif" alt="Animation"/>
</p>

## 📫 Contact Me
Feel free to reach out for collaboration or inquiries:
- Email: [your.email@example.com](mailto:your.email@example.com)
- LinkedIn: [Your LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)

Commit message:

Update README.md with professional portfolio details.

README.md, after:

# Comprehensive Professional Portfolio

Welcome to my professional portfolio showcasing my programming skills, projects, and achievements.

## Animated Elements
Incorporating engaging animations that enhance the user experience. You can see these in action throughout the portfolio.

## Viral Repositories
Here's a list of some of my repositories that gained significant attention on GitHub:
1. [Repo 1](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/repo-1) - Description of Repo 1
2. [Repo 2](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/repo-2) - Description of Repo 2
3. [Repo 3](https://github.com/Flame-Codes/repo-3) - Description of Repo 3

## Enhanced GitHub Statistics
![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Flame-Codes&show_icons=true)

## Skills Showcase
- **Programming Languages**: JavaScript, Python, Java
- **Frameworks**: React, Node.js, Django
- **Tools & Technologies**: Docker, Git, AWS, etc.

## Animations
I've implemented CSS animations to make the portfolio visually appealing. You can experience these when navigating through different sections.

## Contact Links
Feel free to reach out to me!
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/yourprofile)
- Email: [your.email@example.com](mailto:your.email@example.com)

## Professional Design
The design adheres to the best practices of UI/UX and is optimized for various devices and screen sizes.

---
Last updated on 2026-02-07
